https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-11407 (#6550)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_observability.adoc

//2.9:ACM-8488

A proxy configuration in a managed cluster does not work when a custom CA bundle is required.

[#limits-custom-obs-urls]

> == Limitations when using custom managed cluster Observatorium API or Alertmanager URLs

Reviewer: same as above, if you can shorten it, consider the following. Again, perhaps `custom managed cluster is needed for user comprehension! 

```suggestion
== Limitations when using the Observatorium API or Alertmanager URLs
```

Author: These limitation only affects custom URLs, so we need to keep custom. See previous comment for why we need managed cluster
